## Group 209 Milestone 4 Reflection

Our dashboard is an effective tool for business executives and marketers within the alcohol beverage industry. The interactive graphs provide stakeholders with key statistics and trends in global alcohol consumption across beer, wine and spirits aggregated over different geographic regions. The first two plots are useful to assess the top and bottom ranked countries for the selected alcohol drinks. This can provide valuable information to an alcohol beverage company for choosing the specific region to run a marketing campaign. The graph at the very bottom also uniquely shows the distribution of the proportion of alcohol consumption relative to the total alcohol servings per individual. The motivation behind this graph is to allow stakeholders to assess both the magnitude and relative consumption of a particular alcoholic drink in the same plot.

On the other hand, we do believe there are several limitations of our current dashboard. Firstly, the layout of the three graphs is not aesthetically optimal which makes it difficult to read the plots. As a future improvement, we can spend more time on CSS formatting and ensuring the plots are spaced out in an aesthetically appealing manner. Another key limitation of this dashboard is the outdated dataset which was collected in 2010. For future improvement we would want to integrate fairly recent data into our dashboard to be consistent with the dashboard principle of “building trust in our analysis”. Furthermore, as an additional feature we could add the national map of each country alongside its name on the horizontal bar charts to allow for more visual representations. Lastly, we could also include an interactive choropleth of the world to show a heat map of regions with different levels of alcohol consumption.

Overall, we believe this dashboard provides a strong starting framework to analyze trends of different alcohol types across distinct geographic regions.
